# Manufacturing-Company-Model-Simulation
 This report addresses the issues at a low-efficiency Factory X owned by Factoriffic Custom Lamps, focusing on the production line machine’s speed improvement and the performance of responding to the current advertising campaign hosted by the company. The analysis, conducted with the SME (Subject Matter Expert), aims to provide recommendations for Factory X by using simulation to predict the possible outcomes under machine efficiency and order arrival speed increase.

There are two machines in the production line, Machine 1 and Machine 2, and the new arrival order will be queued to be produced in Machine 1 first, which is followed by one more production by Machine 2 again, with queues if Machine 2 is not available. The waiting spaces for Machine 1 and Machine 2 are unlimited and four. Specifically, if there are four orders waiting for Machine 2, then the production of Machine 1 has to be suspended until there is available room for the queue.

The simulation with 100 realisations and 2,000,000 minutes is run by Julia and Python, and it solves the three main aspects of the issue. The waiting space of four for Machine 2 is not sufficient since it is common for Machine 1 will stop working. Furthermore, if the speed of Machine2increases by a factor of two, then the system will significantly improve and solve the problem of insufficient waiting spaces. Moreover, if the advertising campaign results in a 25%increase in the speed of order arrivals, then it will not affect the efficiency or have any negative impact after the optimisation.
